The Joe Rogan experience. There was a couple that, uh,
adopted a child from Russia and they thought that the child was,
uh, a little kid and it turned out she might have been 30.
They don't know how old she was. She tried to kill them.
She scared there was a horror movie still.
They thought they're adopting a little kid, like a little six year old.
That's a 30 year old with some sort of a metabolic disease. Yeah.
Well that serves you right. For trying to be a do gooder. You know,
they'll never do anything again for anybody.
Not that they'll never do one thing. Like the husband will try to bring it up.
She's like, you, Herman, you. You almost got me killed by that midget. I mean,
the idea that there are midgets dressing up as children and trying to
bur into family so that they can wake up in the middle of the night and kill
them. Yeah. Is truly the funniest thing that has happened in, in,
I don't think technically image. I think she's something else. Well, she, okay.
Maybe whatever she was, she has like a growth disorder that keeps her like,
looking like a small child. Did you see,
there was a video recently where it looked like a kid was getting thrown off a
bus. I know. Yes, yes, yes. And it was just a, was it a, it was a,
like a little person who was just thrown off a bus, but it was, it was,
it was a scam. Like someone, was it fake? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Got RI and I both got duped. He said I got DED. Cuz my friend texted me.
They go, there's a pedophile midget that just got thrown off a bus.
It is hilarious. It is the funniest thing ever. When, when the unzips,
the hood and you see is like grown up face. There's a woman who looks like what?
The Fox. She, I don't think they were in on it. No,
I don't think they knew the people on the outside did not. Yes.
I think the guy threw that guy off the bus and that was the scam. Yeah.
And then the dude who was the, the little person in the hoodie,
he was in on the scam and they was in on the scam.
But I don't think the people on the street were in on it.
So now what happens when the, when the, when these,
these little people wake up and they're like activated, they're like,
I'm gonna kill the family. How did they try to kill them? Well, this lady,
she was threatening. She was threatening to kill the family.
And they were really worried that she was gonna do this.
She was gonna poison them or something like that. I think that's what it was.
Scary stuff. It's a horror movie because you know, you gotta think,
who knows what kind of abuse this little kid had gone through? Well,
actually a 30 year old as, as a little kid through in Russia, you know,
and all these foster homes and foster care and you know,
they are ruthless over there. Its it's rough. It's rough.
I imagine it's not the best place to grow up as a person with a disorder.
What's up. Jamie.
Are, I feel like a I'm hearing.
Are you saying that happened in Russia or was a Russian kid? Russian kid. Okay.
This is happened in Indiana. It's actually Ukrainian.
Kid that reporting this that's UK is part of Russia. Um that's okay. Isn't it?
They had a it's one of res union union. It's fine.
They had a three years before they figured this out. Oh my God.
Now what kind of, what were those three years nice?
Like were their nice memories out good? Isn't that odd to look back and be like,
remember when we all went to Disney world before? No, they were probably like,
Hey, this isn't growing.
I think they said that she was creepy in the article that I read.
I think they were actually like,
they would wake up and see her like standing at the door.
Like I think there were things that she did that. Yeah. Very, very bad.
What do, what does she look like? Do they have an image of her?
I'm trying to find, I'm trying to find that one. I might,
but I saw a picture of her. I saw saw a picture of, did she go to jail?
It was real weird. Looking like she didn't look like a little person.
She looked like a young person. It was a very strange, yeah.
I mean I hope she finds another family.
I hope she key keeps doing this to different families because whatever happened
in this bitch's life was so bad that she needs to do this. Let her do it. Mm.
Can do it to the wrong family that feed you to the wolves.
You do it to the wrong fam. Absolutely. Um, yeah.
It's it's I worry about that though. What YouTube, because I say is it,
you build a whole, or you build people that are your fans.
They want to see comedy. And I always thought that like, okay,
I'm not gonna be able to do this on like mainstream TV,
but these are funny things that I can do there. She is, look at her. Oh my God.
She does look. Okay. So it is a little person, but she looks like a child,
but strange. It's not like a regular look at the one down the middle,
the middle and the lower corner. Look at that. That's horrific.
That one right there. That's terrifying. Ukrainian child. She might even,
but it's also, how is she gonna kill you? What's she gonna,
I guess in the middle of the night or something. Cut your neck, man.
That's true bro. Their 30. That's creepy. There's something weird.
They thought it was a little kid. Yeah. That's so strange. Don't adopt folks.
Oh my God. To not so strange. Get that one there. Yeah.
When your cursors on, look at that one, that one freaks me out.
Cause you'd be like, something's wrong.
You would never think that was a murderous young adult.
Who's either eight or 22 that everyone was talking about. Um,
I don't think they think 22 now.
I think some people think as old as 30 and I think the youngest,
they think she is a 16 and there's no wreck. No one can prove anything. No,
they don't know what the going on. <laugh> <laugh> you know,
it's so crazy. She had period. She had adult teeth. <laugh>
well guess what? She's not 12. That's an indication that, I mean,
did she never see a doctor in three years? Oh, oh, scroll back up.
Hold on a second. Look at this. She had periods.
She had adult teeth who alleges that after Antalia began acting out violently
attacking a baby boy,
pushing Christine into an electric fence and making death threats that families
sought out psychiatric health, healthcare officials,
including the Barnett's primary care physician who performed a bone density test
and a clinical therapist who treated Antalia believe her to be an adult,
a child. Holy. you.
Imagine when you're in the doctor's office and getting that diagnosis,
they do a bone density test and the kid, the kids are sitting there. Yeah.
It turns out it's an adult. Can you imagine going in and you're,
you're ready to hear like she's got cancer, a brain damage and she go,
actually you're you're raising a 30 year old from the Ukraine.
Look at this in 2012,
a judge approved the Barnett's application to have Natalia's date of birth
officially revised to September 4th, 1989.
Officially changing her age from eight to 22 shortly after they
rented Natalia an apartment.
That's nice and placed her under the supervision of an Indiana state healthcare
provider. So she could receive psychiatric treatment as an adult.
That's an understanding.
And the family moved to Canada <laugh> they left the country,
but they rented her an apartment and then left the country.
Christine Barnett then moved to Canada. <laugh> when her son Jacob.
And they could harassing child prody prodigy about whom she wrote. Oh,
is that the parent? Yeah. Yeah. It's her parent. Yeah. No,
the Barnetts they're the Barnetts yeah. Yeah. They're the ones who would, uh,
adopted. So Christine's the one that, but she took,
so she left the husband and moved to Canada. They're divorced now. It's well,
that's that'll do it. It's a tough thing for marriage to, to survive. Yeah.
You survive. You rented an adult. Yeah. You rented an adult for a couple years.
Gonna kill you. Pretending to be a kid pushing you into an electric fence.
I feel like they <laugh>.
They had a dinner and they said whatever in our marriage made us think this was
a good idea. We should just separate. What do you got?
They got arrested for abandoning her in that apartment.
Why the story goes further? I believe that sounds, oh my God.
2019 prosecutors in tip canoe, Indiana. That's your number one problem.
Right there. Tip canoe.
Indiana brought formal charges and neglect against the bar nets.
Now divorced an affidavit of probable cause from 2014,
provided by refinery 29 refers to test performed by Payton Manning
children's hospital in 2013,
that seemed to contradict earlier medical reports about Natalia's age
investigators at the time found Natalia's claims that she was Ukrainian child
who had been abandoned by the Barnett's credible.
But Michael Barnett's attorney told the daily male that the charges had been
filed because another couple perhaps in, by Natalia that she was a minor,
had petitioned to become her guardian. Oh my God.
She tried to rope another family. She's good. She's good.
Explaining Natalia is living on her own and a couple wanted to become her
guardians thinking she was still a child.
The couple tried to overturn the 2012 results.
So they tried to overturn her age an adopter again,
despite new tests commissioned by that couple,
the court upheld the original result,
which maintained it in Natalia was an adult.
The couple later dropped their guardianship petition.
Once she tried to kill them too. Wow. Now where is the, that last part?
Where is where's the Talia today? Where whereabouts are currently unknown.
Her age remains a subject of much debate. She's touring with Skippy,
from family guys. <laugh> the she's killing clubs in Connecticut. Yeah.
She's on the blues clues tour. Jesus Christ. She's I mean, listen,
you know, that's a guest. You wanna get a guest? That girl,
I would have someone in the room with a gun.
You sit her on a stack of phone books. I might have a, you might, I might have,
you might bring her home. Uh, she might, you might fall for it. You might,
you know, she might be riding Marshall around the house. No, I have real kids.
Yeah. That's true. I know what her kids, I understand kids. It is wild.
When you, do you think, could you ever get DUP like that? Yeah.
You could get DUP. Yeah. If someone's really, really, really good.
And you're tired. <laugh> yeah. If you work, you're working work too hard.
If you're working hard, you just drink a little bit.
Maybe you're on some antidepressants. It make you a little loopy.
I wonder if the parents are like, how good of parents are we right?
That for three years,
we didn't know that we had a 30 year old psychopath living in our house.
Like maybe we're not the best at this. She's got a Bush.
That was the other thing we found on that she had pub, adult Bush, teeth,
adult teeth. Oh, death threats. Woo death, death threat.
How do you make a death threat? When you look like a kid like that? What do you,
I mean, it's crazy. Like Chucky, HES scared the out of everybody.
That's what it is. you kill you, dude. Chucky was terrified.
Chucky was really people say, sometimes I look like Chucky, which is not nice.
That's not true. Those people are mean, I agree,
but there's a lot of people on YouTube that like to just let it fly.
He should really, I like to let it fly. You're supposed to read that stuff.
I know. But sometimes I do.